An other thing I want to show you with the individual item in a grid is that we can do something like
justify self.
Remember here we did justify items and align items but when it comes to individual items we have to
use self.
And as you can imagine if I do self start and I refresh your we go to the start of the column.
If I do a line it's going to go to the start of the row and if we do and and refresh again we see that
the same thing is happening.
I'm going to leave this file for you as well so you can play around with it.
I encourage you to try to create different types of grids and looks that you want as you can see it's
pretty powerful but also very very simple and allows us to create responsive grid systems very very
easily.
Now there's actually a cheat sheet that you can use to summarize everything that I've taught you up
until now there's a link to this video.
It's called The Well the grid.
And it shows you exactly why you need to do for the container.
We've learned about grid gap grid templates line items and also what to do with the children such as
Grid column justify self align self and has all these little snippets that you can just click on and
copy.
So I recommend you play around with some of these properties on your own.
Because in the next part we're going to use CSSA grid to build a complete Web site layout.
I'll see in one way.